Forest Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app.

What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?

When registering in our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, or other details to help you with your experience. When connecting to third-party social media account, your profile and friendship information would be required from the third-party social media.

When do we collect information?

We collect information from you when you register in our app, login social media or enter information in our app.


How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sync data to our server, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other app features in the following ways:

      • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.

How do we protect visitor information?

We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We do not use Malware Scanning.

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Do we use 'cookies'?

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your device (if you allow) that enables the app's or service provider's systems to recognize your device and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process your sign in log. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current app activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about app traffic and app interaction so that we can offer better app experiences and services in the future.

We use cookies to:
      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
      • Compile aggregate data about app traffic and site interactions in order to offer better app experiences and service in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.


Third Party Disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include service hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. 

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services in our app. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Google

Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en 

We have not enabled Google AdSense in our app but we may do so in the future.

Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
      • On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
      • By emailing us
      • By logging in to their account

Does our app allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking

COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of app and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under 13.

Fair Information Practices

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in app news
      • Within 7 business days

We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

CAN SPAM Act

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

We collect your email address in order to:

To be accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

http://www.forestapp.cc/
forestapp.cc@gmail.com
https://www.facebook.com/forestapp.cc/
https://twitter.com/forestapp_cc/

Last Edited on 2014-12-11
